Adds `stake-tracker` pallet and integrates with the staking pallet (#1933)
paritytech/polkadot-sdk: substrate/frame/stake-tracker/README.md

# Pallet `stake-tracker`

> The stake-tracker pallet is listens to staking events through implemeting the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The stake-tracker pallet listens to staking events through implementing the
```
